1. Do we need to wrute a loop of simulate() (i.e run simulate over and over untill
   termination condition is satisfied), or run a loop inside simulate (as we did)?
   
2. addAgent method: how do we add an const agent refferance into agents without 
   creating a new agent instead.
3. What does dolav mean in the Tree description by saying: "Tree – This class used to represent a shortest path tree in the graph, from some starting node"?
4. In finish() method, do I need to make sure there are no "carrying" verices? i.e all are Healthy or Infected.
5. We have three options (enum) for the nodes status's. Is this o.k? Should we have only 2? (Meaning will the tests be o.k with this).
6. Isn't the BFS algorithm the same for every tree? It depends only on starting node, no?
7. Why does the "AddAgent" method recieve a const? This seems not smart given that we need to clone ot in order to insert it into the "agents" vector.
8. Is our implementation to "getNieghbors" good? meaning our intention to get a reference of the created vector in it.



Notes from dolav's office hours:
   1. We will need to add method clone to Agents class (and it will be a pure virtual one).
   2. Change session to protected in Agent and Tree.
   3. Implement the given methods according to their name!
   4. Static constructor in Tree. Reason: We build the BFS tree according to the wanted treeTypr (root,cycle,maxRank). So instead of writing if-else's in
      the BFS method, we will write them in the static fubction and then write in BFS only in "createTree".
      Why is this good: Very much more efficient code whise. Every change will yield less changes to the rest of the code.
   5. Clone: instead of using run-time identification (wheather the Agent is Virus type or CT type), we write a pure virtual method 
      "clone" in Agent, and implement it in CT and Virus. And then in compilation time we identify wheather we deal with Virus's or CT.
   6. use "clone" for "AddAgent" and then push to the agents vector a new agent (clone return an Agent that sits on the heap).
      This is due to the fact that we don't know if the agent we got is under our responsibility to erase or not. So we make one on the heap, and erase by ouselfes.
   7. clone will recieve: "return new contactTracer(*this) in class ContactTracer for example.
   8. The "clone" function implementation (as pure virtual) is SMART because in this way it is activated from the RELEVANT class
      when invoked! awesome.
   9.  Work with trees: every "node" is a Tree. has a label (node index) and a vector of trees (pointers to trees) that are his children. And so on..
   10. Dolav shows at 54:00 how to implement the addition of agents so they wont affect the graph at the cycle of which they where created.
   11. Only one treetype in the session! (maxRank, cycle or Root).
   12. Inside "addchild" we can use clone to the child and delete the child we got (so we won't have duplicants). Or another option he gave that looks better (min 1:001).
   13. Isn't the BFS algorithm the same for every tree? It depends only on starting node, no?
   14. Minute 1:22 - dolav shows Session copy constructor. And then "clone" for Agent! Great.
   15. We can make a "addChild" func that overrides dolav's methood that sends a poibter (not a reference). In this case we still need to implement his I think.
   16. 
      
